Update Lightning import error handling (#13376)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-distributed-import.md

- If the error shows normal exit (for example, exit in response to a kill command) or termination by the operating system due to OOM, adjust the configuration and then restart the TiDB Lightning nodes.

- If the error has no impact on data accuracy, for example, network timeout, perform the following steps:

>     1. Run the [`checkpoint-error-ignore`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md#--checkpoint-error-ignore) command on all failed nodes to clean errors in the checkpoint source data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Run the [`checkpoint-error-ignore`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md#--checkpoint-error-ignore) command on all failed nodes and set checkpoint-error-ignore=all to clean errors in the checkpoint source data.
```

- If the error has no impact on data accuracy, for example, network timeout, perform the following steps:

    1. Run the [`checkpoint-error-ignore`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md#--checkpoint-error-ignore) command on all failed nodes to clean errors in the checkpoint source data.

    2. Restart these nodes to continue importing data from checkpoints.

- If you see errors in the log that result in data inaccuracies, such as a checksum mismatch indicating invalid data in the source file, you can perform the following steps to resolve this issue:

    1. Run the [`checkpoint-error-destroy`](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md#--checkpoint-error-destroy) command on all Lightning nodes, including successful nodes, to clean up the imported data and the checkpoint source data.

        This command removes the data imported to the failed tables downstream, the corresponding checkpoint, and the Meta table information of multiple parallel import tasks.

    2. Reconfigure and import the data of failed tables by using the [`filter`](/table-filter.md) parameter on all TiDB Lightning nodes, including normally exiting nodes.

>         When you reconfigure the Lightning parallel import task, do not include the `checkpoint-error-destroy` command in the startup script of each Lightning node. Otherwise, the Meta table corresponding to the parallel import task is deleted multiple times, causing issues when the newly created Lightning parallel import task tries to import data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When you reconfigure the Lightning parallel import task, do not include the `checkpoint-error-destroy` command in the startup script of each Lightning node. Otherwise, this command will delete shared metadata used by multiple parallel import tasks, which may cause issues during data import. For example, if a second Lightning import task is started, it will delete the metadata written by the first task, leading to abnormal data import.
```
